Review based on observations as a user:

1. Simple things re the table (but not Notes).

1.1. The first col "Pos" isn't right - in heading or meaning. It should contain the row number
(i.e. not change from 1, 2, 3,...). It should not be sortable. The col heading
should be blank too.

1.2. The default sort for Shikona should be ascending.

1.3. The col heading "Count" should be "Bouts".

1.4. Page heading (and page <title>) should be "Ozumo Standings".

1.5. The table heading should be

"Standings for Last N basho (MMM YYYY to MMM YYYY)"

with the earliest date first.

1.6. The default number of basho should be however many basho there have been in
the current calendar year, or 6 if there have been no basho so far.

2. Semantic/operational bugs/changes

We are intending to change the default settings to what I think a user would
expect i.e. "Bouts" (was "Count") will be the expected number of bouts fought
in the given period i.e. 15 or 7 times the number of basho *in which the
rikishi appeared on the banzuke*.

However, it seems that Note 5 is incorrect even as things stand. It says "Mean
is Wins divided by Count." but this is not the case. Eg, we see, for 2 basho:

Pos	Shikona	Chii	Wins	Count	Mean
1	Kirishima	S1e	22	29	11.00
...
and 22/29 is not 11. I think the displayed mean is total wins divided by the number of
basho.

22/29 as a percentage is certainly an number of interest and should be added
in due course, but with caution: is it 22/29 or 22/30? 30 is the expected
number of bouts for 2 basho for a sekitori - this is the "expected vs. fought"
issue that has plagued us for some time.

3. Plan
Phase 1: fix the HTML text as above and correct Note 5. This will give us a
consistent page with better headings.
Phase 2: get to the bottom of what "Mean" can mean and what we are going to
compute and display.

Here are my user-based thoughts:

Tm, the obvious/expected numbers are

a) credited wins/number of basho
b) credited wins/expected bouts.

which are essentially the "same" number given that the number of expected
bouts is a function of the bouts per basho. This suggests two cols: "Mean" (as
we have now) and "%" (meaning "probability"); eg, 15 wins in two basho has mean
15/2=7.5 and the percentage is 15/30 = 0.5 or 50%. 

Ideally, the col headers should be more meaningful, but they need to be short
- this is what the Notes are for i.e. to explain what we, er,... mean. I think
the typical reader will make the assumptions (a) and (b). A less
typical reader, or a typical reader who sees what seems to be an anomaly, will
want to know more.

They may not like/question:
2.1 Counting fusensho. This is exactly what WinPolicy is "for". CREDITED is
hard-coded (as far a the UI is concerned) for now.
2.2 Treating a rikishi who was not on the banzuke for the first part of a
range of basho as if they were on the banzuke but lost all their fights. I
think this is whas BashoBasis is for but the description in the doc:

"CONTAINING: Only tournaments where the rikishi actually appeared (adjusts for injury/absence)."

is wrong. It does *not* adjust for injury because you stay on the banzuke when
injured, and there are no reasons for absence other than injury (or
retirement, and you can't come back after you retire.)

However, SELECTED is described correctly and is the hard-coded value used for
the UI.

2.3 As with fusensho, so with fusenpai: do we count "credited losses" as
"losses"? This is not symmetrically treated (cf  WinPolicy) in the code, but
here the type is BoutBasis (but LossPolicy would be better). As far as the UI
is concerned EXPECTED is hard-coded.

I now think there are three issues here.

(a) A typical user will (we imagine) be interested in the performance of the
top guys in the recent past. The chances of the period including a time when a
rikishi was not yet on the banzuke are zero. Users who interested in say
Jonidan could think the issue is significant, but rikishi don't generally stay
in the lowest divisions for very long - perhaps for just one basho. On this
account the SELECTED/CONTAINING distinction seems pointless (for a user).
Another perspective is someone who wants to look at 60 basho. Here there is a
good chance that some top rikishi have not been in sumo for 10 years. So the
BashoBasis does have a place in the design after all, but the relevance of the
results is dependent on the number of basho and the range of divisions chosen.
My view here is that we keep BashoBasis and we keep the UI hard-coded to
SELECTED and perhaps add a TL;DR note.

b) Treating a rikishi who is Maegashira (or Juryo etc.) *now* as if they had
been Maegashira throughout the range of basho is moot.
Eg someone with a high mean but the wins mostly recorded in Juryo. This
suggests the semantics of the filter needs thought.

My immediate inclination is to take the view that the properties we are
interested in *for the sekitori* make less sense for lower divisions because
rikishi persistence is lower or indeed much lower. This means that any
putative new axis should be considered in the context of the sekitori only. An
obvious idea is to say that if you filter on Makuuchi - a STRICT
interpretation perhaps - you want only rikishi
who were makuuchi across the whole period in question. This sounds reasonable,

With respect to rikishi in the lower divisions, there are rikishi
who have been in Sandanme (say) for a very long time, and I see no reason to
prevent users from finding their stats by disallowing Makushita and below as
filtering choices. What you might get if you allow for STRICT interpretation
for the lowest divisions, I am not sure. Probably not much of interest to
anyone, but who knows?
